docs: add decision record to make release manual (#1653)
eclipse-tractusx/tractusx-edc: docs/development/decision-records/2024-10-25-make-release-manual/README.md

# Make Release Workflow Manual

## Decision

The release workflow will now require a manual activation vs. being automatically triggered via a PR merge event.

## Rationale

Having an automatic trigger has a couple of implications:

> - GH only allows for the `on pull_request` event to be of type `closed`. This works fine when a PR is merged but will
>   also trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GH only allows for the `on pull_request` event to be of type `closed`. This works fine when a PR is merged but it will
  also trigger the event
```

  if the PR is just `closed` or `dismissed`, leading to the incorrect execution of the release workflow. This could be
  avoided with
  additional job run conditions, but that would add unnecessary complexity to the workflow.
- Given PR `on pull_request` events are monitored for the `main` branch, every PR that is merged to main triggers the
  workflow.
  Conditionals are in place that prevent the workflow from actually running, however the workflow run history is filled
  with skipped run logs.

Additionally:

> - We keep a dedicated `manual-release-bugfix` workflow to manually trigger a bugfix release because it is done under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are keeping a dedicated `manual-release-bugfix` workflow to manually trigger a bugfix release because it is done under
```
